= Ruby CSS Parser

Load, parse and cascade CSS rule sets in Ruby.

=== Setup

Install the gem.

   gem install css_parser

Done.

=== An example
  require 'css_parser_master'
  include CssParserMaster

  parser = CssParserMaster::Parser.new
  parser.load_uri!('http://example.com/styles/style.css')

  # load a remote file, setting the base_uri and media_types
  parser.load_uri!('../style.css', 'http://example.com/styles/inc/', [:screen, :handheld])
  
  # load a local file, setting the base_dir and media_types
  parser.load_file!('print.css', '~/styles/', :print)

  # lookup a rule by a selector
  parser.find('#content')
  #=> 'font-size: 13px; line-height: 1.2;'

  # lookup a rule by a selector and media type
  parser.find('#content', [:screen, :handheld])

  # iterate through selectors by media type
  parser.each_selector(:screen) do |sel|
    puts sel
    puts sel.selector
    puts sel.declarations
    puts sel.specificity
    ...
  end
  
  # add a block of CSS
  css = <<-EOT
    body { margin: 0 1em; }
  EOT

  parser.add_block!(css)

  # output all CSS rules in a single stylesheet
  parser.to_s
  => #content { font-size: 13px; line-height: 1.2; }
     body { margin: 0 1em; }

=== Testing

You can run the suite of unit tests using <tt>rake test</tt>.

The download/import tests use WEBrick.  The tests set up
a temporary server on port 12000 and pull down files from the <tt>test/fixtures/</tt> 
directory.

=== Design notes

The extensions that come with CssParserMaster were created in order to generate a more 'powerful' parse model. 
This model should provide more powerful and intuitive ways of iterating and operating on the model.
Mainly Selector and Declaration were added as classes instead of the old version where they were simply hashes and strings. 

=== Credits and code

Original CssParser by Alex Dunae (dunae.ca, e-mail 'code' at the same domain), 2007-10.
CssParserMaster was created by Kristian Mandrup as an extension of CssParser in order to allow releases of the updated gem with some improvements.

Original project homepage: http://github.com/alexdunae/css_parser

Thanks to {Tyler Cunnion}[http://github.com/tylercunnion] for the updates leading to 1.0.0.

Made on Vancouver Island.